Leetcode/CPP/017. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number.md, before:

Length of string is n. Each character in string is mapping to three alphabet.
Time complexity: O(n)

C++ code:
```
class Solution {
public:
    vector<string> letterCombinations(string digits) {
        vector<string> res;
        if (digits.empty()) { return res; }
        
        unordered_map<char, string> map;
        map['2'] = "abc";
        map['3'] = "def";
        map['4'] = "ghi";
        map['5'] = "jkl";
        map['6'] = "mno";
        map['7'] = "pqrs";
        map['8'] = "tuv";
        map['9'] = "wxyz";
        queue<string> q;
        q.push("");
        
        while (!q.empty()) {
            string s = q.front();
            q.pop();
            
            if (s.length() == digits.length()) {
                res.push_back(s);
            } else {
                char index = digits[s.length()];
                string alphabets = map[index];
                
                for (decltype(alphabets.length()) i = 0; i != alphabets.length(); ++i) {
                    q.push(s + alphabets[i]);
                }
            }
        }
        
        return res;
    }
};
```

Java code:
```
class Solution {
    public List<String> letterCombinations(String digits) {
        List<String> res = new ArrayList<>();
        if (digits == null || digits.length() == 0) {
            return res;
        }
        
        Map<Character, String> map = new HashMap<>();
        map.put('2', "abc");
        map.put('3', "def");
        map.put('4', "ghi");
        map.put('5', "jkl");
        map.put('6', "mno");
        map.put('7', "pqrs");
        map.put('8', "tuv");
        map.put('9', "wxyz");
        
        Queue<String> queue = new LinkedList<>();
        queue.offer("");
        
        while (!queue.isEmpty()) {
            String s = queue.poll();
            //char index = digits.charAt(s.length());

            if (s.length() == digits.length()) {
                res.add(s);
            } else {
                for (char c: map.get(digits.charAt(s.length())).toCharArray()) {
                    queue.offer(s + c);
                }
            }
        }
        
        return res;
    }
}
```

Commit message:

Update 017. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number.md

Leetcode/CPP/017. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number.md, after:

Time complexity: O(3^n * 4^m) where n is the number of digits that maps to 3 letters and m is the number of digits that maps to 4 letters. 

C++ code:
```
class Solution {
public:
    vector<string> letterCombinations(string digits) {
        vector<string> res;
        if (digits.empty()) { return res; }
        
        unordered_map<char, string> map;
        map['2'] = "abc";
        map['3'] = "def";
        map['4'] = "ghi";
        map['5'] = "jkl";
        map['6'] = "mno";
        map['7'] = "pqrs";
        map['8'] = "tuv";
        map['9'] = "wxyz";
        queue<string> q;
        q.push("");
        
        while (!q.empty()) {
            string s = q.front();
            q.pop();
            
            if (s.length() == digits.length()) {
                res.push_back(s);
            } else {
                char index = digits[s.length()];
                string alphabets = map[index];
                
                for (decltype(alphabets.length()) i = 0; i != alphabets.length(); ++i) {
                    q.push(s + alphabets[i]);
                }
            }
        }
        
        return res;
    }
};
```

Java code:
```
class Solution {
    public List<String> letterCombinations(String digits) {
        List<String> res = new ArrayList<>();
        if (digits == null || digits.length() == 0) {
            return res;
        }
        
        Map<Character, String> map = new HashMap<>();
        map.put('2', "abc");
        map.put('3', "def");
        map.put('4', "ghi");
        map.put('5', "jkl");
        map.put('6', "mno");
        map.put('7', "pqrs");
        map.put('8', "tuv");
        map.put('9', "wxyz");
        
        Queue<String> queue = new LinkedList<>();
        queue.offer("");
        
        while (!queue.isEmpty()) {
            String s = queue.poll();
            //char index = digits.charAt(s.length());

            if (s.length() == digits.length()) {
                res.add(s);
            } else {
                for (char c: map.get(digits.charAt(s.length())).toCharArray()) {
                    queue.offer(s + c);
                }
            }
        }
        
        return res;
    }
}
```
